I do not have a computer so Dr. Graham suggested that I use the computers in the History Department and helped me get Git-It and Github desktop set up. He walked me throughout the first few Git-It tutorials which was very helpful and the tutorials made a lot more sense with someone there to give you that extra explanation. I found the "Commit to It" section odd because I have never had to tell a computer to track my changes in this way, I'm use to creating documents and the computer already assuming that you would like it to keep an updated copy when you click "save." All of the terminologies really, were confusing at first, but once you use them, they make more sense. After Dr. Graham left me to work on the tutorial on my own, I had problems at the "Pull Never Out of Date" section. I was suppose to enter the command "$ git pull <RemoteName><BranchName>" but I could not remember what the Remote Name was. I looked back in the tutorial to try to find the name and I had to type a few commands before I got the correct one. I tried "upstream," "patchwork," and "gh-pages" as the Remote Name. Then I remembered that Dr. Graham had showed me that I can press the "up" key to scroll through my previous commands and there I saw my push command which was "$ git push origin add-1991MelJ.txt" so the Remote Name was "origin". After this, I had issues with "Requesting You Pull Please." On the online Github, Reporobot told me that my Pull Request failed because add-1991MelJ.txt was not in patchwork/contributors/add-yourusername.txt and I had to move file to contributors, delete pull request and try again. But I had completed "Branches aren't just for Birds" which requires you to add a file to "contributors" under the patchwork repository. So I deleted my Pull Request and went into Bash Terminal to see where my add-1991MelJ.txt file was, and it showed me that it was in the contributors file. I tried to Pull Request again and it would not show my file as pulled and merged to the master when I looked under the original Github repository. But then I clicked "verify" on Git-It and the system told me that it found my pull request and that it merged without issue. So I'm not sure what happened but it seemed to pull successfully. 

For Exercise 2.0 where we had to make Demo gh-pages, or websites my link was not opening directly to the video. I showed Dr. Graham and he showed me that on youtube you can copy the link from under "embed" and that gives you a URL that will open the video directly rather than showing the link to the video. So now when I go under my Demo repository I can click on my link to go directly to the video I chose and not another link. I had no idea what the "embed" feature was for, I use youtube frequently but I never noticed that copying the link from there made a difference, so now I know what that is useful for. My link leads to a video of Deadliest Warriors, the show wasn't perfect, but I found it pretty entertaining and it was a cool way of learning about different cultures and their forms of warfare.  
